docs: Seach Metadata Batch 01 (#14560)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/install/ports.mdx

---
layout: docs

> page_title: Port Requirements

Reviewer: I think switch it back since there aren't specific requirements about the ports themselves, just specific numbered ports that are required.

Reviewer 2: If improving the search ability of the content is the goal, then "port requirements" or "port number requirements" might be the better title. People looking for this type of information would most likely search on "requirements". But I see your point.

description: >-

> Consul requires bind ports for directing DNS, HTTP, gRPC, Serf, and proxy requests. Learn about these reserved ports and how Consul uses them for specific communication functions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul requires binds to multiple ports for directing DNS, HTTP, gRPC, Serf, and proxy requests. Learn about these reserved ports and how Consul uses them for specific communication functions. 
```

Reviewer: "bind ports" isn't a thing I don't think. You bind to a port but you don't call it a "bind port", or at least I haven't heard that term.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Consul bind to multiple ports for directing DNS, HTTP, gRPC, Serf, and proxy requests. Learn about these reserved ports and how Consul uses them for specific communication functions. 
```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Consul requires multiple ports for directing DNS, HTTP, gRPC, gossip, and sidecar proxy requests. Learn about required and optional ports, and how Consul uses them for specific communication functions.
```
